This package was debianized by Miriam Ruiz <little_miry@yahoo.es> on
Sun,  7 May 2006 00:54:46 +0000.

It was downloaded from ftp://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/gnash/

Copyright (C) 2005, 2006, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

Main Author: Rob Savoye <rob@senecass.com>

Authors of Gameswf, which was the original code base for Gnash:
        Thatcher Ulrich <tu@tulrich.com>
        Mike Shaver
        Thierry Berger-Perrin
        Ignacio Castaño
        Willem Kokke
        Vitaly Alexeev
        Alexander Streit

License:

   This package is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.

   This package is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in '/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3'.



Other licenses:

** Server:

   Linking Gnash statically or dynamically with other modules is making
   a combined work based on Gnash. Thus, the terms and conditions of
   the GNU General Public License cover the whole combination.
   
   In addition, as a special exception, the copyright holders of Gnash give
   you permission to combine Gnash with free software programs or
   libraries that are released under the GNU LGPL and/or with Mozilla, 
   so long as the linking with Mozilla, or any variant of Mozilla, is
   through its standard plug-in interface. You may copy and distribute
   such a system following the terms of the GNU GPL for Gnash and the
   licenses of the other code concerned, provided that you include the
   source code of that other code when and as the GNU GPL requires
   distribution of source code. 
   
   Note that people who make modified versions of Gnash are not obligated
   to grant this special exception for their modified versions; it is
   their choice whether to do so.  The GNU General Public License gives
   permission to release a modified version without this exception; this
   exception also makes it possible to release a modified version which
   carries forward this exception.

** Tuffy Fonts:

   Tuffy fonts have been created by Thatcher Ulrich (http://tulrich.com)
   with FontForge 1.0 (http://fontforge.sf.net).
   The fonts, including hint instructions, have been donated to the Public Domain.
   Do whatever you want with them.

** plugin/mozilla-sdk/include/npruntime.h:

   Copyright © 2004, Apple Computer, Inc. and The Mozilla Foundation. 
   All rights reserved.
   
   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
   met:
   
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
   3. Neither the names of Apple Computer, Inc. ("Apple") or The Mozilla
   Foundation ("Mozilla") nor the names of their contributors may be used
   to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   specific prior written permission.
   
   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY APPLE, MOZILLA AND THEIR CONTRIBUTORS "AS
   IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
   TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE, MOZILLA OR
   THEIR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
   TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
   PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

** Parts of plugin/mozilla-sdk/include/prerror.h:

   Copyright (C) 1987, 1988 Student Information Processing Board of the
   Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

   Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
   documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
   that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
   copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
   documentation, and that the names of M.I.T. and the M.I.T. S.I.P.B. not be
   used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
   without specific, written prior permission.  M.I.T. and the M.I.T. S.I.P.B.
   make no representations about the suitability of this software for any
   purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.


** Documentation (It is not included in binary packages, but it is in source):

   Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
   under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
   any later version published by the Free Software Foundation with no
   Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU Free Documentation License
can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GFDL-1.2'.


** testsuite/media/Bitstream Vera Sans.fdb

Font Definition Block (fdb) for embedding in SWF. Taken from http://ming.sf.net.

Bitstream Vera Fonts Copyright:

The fonts have a generous copyright, allowing derivative works (as
long as "Bitstream" or "Vera" are not in the names), and full
redistribution (so long as they are not *sold* by themselves). They
can be be bundled, redistributed and sold with any software.

The fonts are distributed under the following copyright:

Copyright (c) 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Bitstream
Vera is a trademark of Bitstream, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and associated
documentation files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute
the Font Software, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Font Software is furnished
to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software
typefaces.

The Font Software may be modified, altered, or added to, and in
particular the designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may be
modified and additional glyphs or characters may be added to the
Fonts, only if the fonts are renamed to names not containing either
the words "Bitstream" or the word "Vera".

This License becomes null and void to the extent applicable to Fonts
or Font Software that has been modified and is distributed under the
"Bitstream Vera" names.

The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but
no copy of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be sold by
itself.

THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
BITSTREAM OR THE GNOME FOUNDATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT
SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the names of Gnome, the Gnome
Foundation, and Bitstream Inc., shall not be used in advertising or
otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Font
Software without prior written authorization from the Gnome Foundation
or Bitstream Inc., respectively. For further information, contact:
fonts at gnome dot org.
